Design Brief


In this project we will be using dark and sleek colors to deliver an elegant design with a modern feel.

The dominant hue(s) will be:

#000000 for the background

#434343 for the body and the header

#bdc3c7 for the accents and links



Site Map (included in folder):
Landing Page (not included in main website site map)
About Me (Home)
The Work
Contact


Wireframe:
Landing Page
About Me
The Work
Contact

Portfolio links:
https://www.yewonshin.com/
From this site, I liked the clean, smooth, flat design. I like the way that there's symmetry to the page and an almost minimalist design. I really like the way the page adds a sense of zen and clarity. What I didn't like: I didn't like that the site was a bit too static, I would have liked there to be more interactivity or at least a few elegant animations, nothing big or too intense.


https://www.asgari.design/
This page was one of my favorites. I like the modern take on design - communicated in part by the sans serif font styles and the Apple emoji-like figure at the beginning of the page. What I didn't like: There was little not to like on this page, largely because there was little on the page to begin with but I would have liked to see a little more variation on the color scheme.



https://www.mikekus.com/
This page in particular was a good inspiration. I especially like the way it features samples of work and projects in a patchwork pattern throughout the page. It allows the visitor to see samples of different 'flavors' of work. I did not like the way the navigation opened up into a sidebar-type window. The background was too distracting. I think opening to a new page would look a bit cleaner.


Website Text:
About Me: Hi

I pride myself on being a designer that can take a product idea from end to end. From napkin sketch to real shipped product. Have a great new product idea and are ready to launch? Let's chat.



The Work: It's all about the work. Heads down and focused. We're all about taking you from zero to one and launching your idea.  We work with you to draft out your dreams, map out the execution, and get to work making them a reality. 

Ou


Contact: Say hi. Or send us an email. Let's talk about making your idea, a reality. 

